Update docs for Podman support (#345)
crazy-max/diun: docs/install/podman.md

> # Podman monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Installation with Podman
```

## About

[Podman](https://podman.io) is now the default container runtime in some, *mainly RPM-based*, Linux distributions like RHEL.

> Podman needs only a config tweak to work with diun as it is backwards-compatible with the Docker API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Podman needs only a config tweak to work with diun as it is backwards-compatible with the Docker API.
```

## Prerequisites

!!! warning

>     Package `podman-docker` is not available in debian-based environnement, only native method is supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Package `podman-docker` is not available in debian-based environment, only native method is supported
```

> At first you need to check if you have the `podman-docker` package installed and then follow the appropriate section :
> 
> You can use :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all you need to check if you have the `podman-docker` package installed with the following command:
```

```shell
rpm -q podman-docker
```

### Native podman method

!!! warning
    Only install via `podman-compose`/`podman run` will work, due to file location change between podman and docker

> !!! note
>     You need [Podman Compose](https://github.com/containers/podman-compose) to process `docker-compose` files
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    You need [Podman Compose](https://github.com/containers/podman-compose) to process `docker-compose` files

```

> Enable and start the socket :
> 
> ```shell
> # When monitoring root instance :
>   sudo systemctl enable podman.socket
>   sudo systemctl start podman.socket
> # When monitoring user instance (connected as the user)
>   systemctl enable --user podman.socket
>   systemctl start --user podman.socket
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable and start the socket:

```shell
# monitoring root instance
sudo systemctl enable podman.socket
sudo systemctl start podman.socket
# monitoring user instance
systemctl enable --user podman.socket
systemctl start --user podman.socket
```
```
